[Music]
hi my name is Dennis and I'd like to
share a story from my childhood that
I'll probably never forget
I admit it doesn't show me at my best
but in my defense it was something that
changed me forever unfortunately made me
a better person so join me on a trip
down memory lane I was an 11 year old
kid and pretty typical for my age like
to get a bit too carried away didn't
quite understand the consequences of my
actions but I'm getting ahead of myself
my best friend's name was Mikey and one
summer day he came over to my house
looking like he was about to burst with
excitement
so naturally I asked him what was up at
first he kept saying I can't tell you
you'll see just wait but I being
stubborn as a mule as my mom always said
kept pushing
so finally Mikey cracked and blurted out
that his parents had agreed to get him a
dog I was happy for my friend but I
gotta be honest I didn't really get the
hype at first the previous summer I'd
asked my mom for a dega and I remember
her saying it'll be totally your
responsibility you'll have to remember
to feed it give it clean water everyday
clean its cage everything so if I was
talked out of getting a little daegu I
could only imagine how much work a dog
would be well then Mikey got his puppy a
few days later and invited me over to
meet the little guy I tried to play it
cool like oh yeah meet dog so let's go
play some basketball but let me tell you
when I held that rambunctious little
creature in my hands that was it my
heart was stolen and I wanted one for
myself too that evening at dinner I was
on my best behavior I helped set the
table and even offered to do the dishes
afterwards and of course my mom
immediately got suspicious when she
asked what was going on i nonchalantly
brought up the fact that Mikey's parents
got him
dawn she just replied oh is that so and
grinned a little then I couldn't stand
it and I finally blurted it out can I
have a dog too I promise I'll be super
responsible and take care of it all by
myself I don't need a big dog a lap dog
will be fine if we don't have the space
I'll take it for walks and even training
myself long story short I talked her
into getting me a puppy so not long
after that we found a tiny Yorkie and I
called her Nika we'd already gotten her
lots of toys a bed and everything she'd
need once we brought her home during the
next couple months I spent all my time
with Nika she seemed like the best puppy
in the world kind of clumsy curious to
an extreme and super fun to play with
and I could tell she knew I was hers and
she was mine
every time she had some puppy problems
she was looking for me her favorite ball
rolled under the sofa and her paws were
too short to reach it Denis to the
rescue but much to my dismay it wasn't
all about fun playtime I tried to keep
my word about training Nika but it was
the hardest thing I've ever done in my
whole life I mean she was pretty smart
she was already getting the basics of
fetch down soon enough although getting
her to let go of the ball when she
brought it to me was another story but
she was just so squirrely mom kept
telling me this was typical for small
dogs Bonica was next level ball of
easily distracted energy I put her on a
leash to take her for a walk
but the next moment she was running
around the house with the leash trailing
behind her I'd find her under my bed
chewing on it like she didn't know the
difference between a leash and her toys
she wouldn't follow my commands to sit
still or lie down and yeah she had a few
accidents in the house which my mom was
quick to remind me that it was my job to
take her out but despite some
difficulties I was on cloud nine until
that fateful day came I remember taking
Nika for a walk to the park near our
house while she was sniffing around and
doing her business I ran into my
classmate Jay
he was on a brand-new shiny bicycle and
at that moment in my eyes this bike was
the best thing ever invented in the
history of the world
I let Jake play with Nica and in return
he let me do a few laps around the park
on his bike and you know what in just a
few seconds of riding around I was in
love just like that day I'm at Mikey's
no pup this bike became my new life goal
I dreamed about it read about different
models that came in and I do I have to
say it I started to neglect my little
Nica lucky for me my birthday was right
around the corner and I made sure my mom
knew what I wanted to get as a present
everything played out according to my
plan I got the very bicycle I've been
dreaming about big fast and with all the
latest gizmos and upgrades Lika seemed
happy at first too judging from her
little puppy up she made while rushing
after my new toy but soon enough I think
my poor dog realized that she had a
competitor to tell you the truth I
really was spending much more time with
my bike than with my pooch I mean I
wasn't about to ask my mom to keep an
eye on her because that would mean I
wasn't keeping my promise to be super
responsible so I took Nica with me
wherever I went with the guys to do cool
tricks on our bikes she was always
running somewhere near us but I didn't
pay much attention to where she was or
what she was doing well on one of those
days I guess I was paying even less
attention than usual because that's when
it all happened I got carried away
arguing with my friends about the
benefits of the latest bicycle model
when it started raining they all head at
home and I started calling to Nika but
she was nowhere to be seen
at first I ignored the uneasy feeling in
the pit of my stomach my puppy was an
independent and curious dog and she'd
gotten away from me before but then she
always came running back as soon as I
called her not this time I kept calling
getting more and more panicked no reply
no Nika but the worst thing was when it
started getting dark
my mom would be worried about me so I
had to go home when I got back I told
her I couldn't find Nika and she joined
me in my search it was getting really
late and she pretty much had to drag me
back home I didn't want to give up
looking but mom kept reassuring me that
she'd turn up safe and sound in no time
that night I didn't get much sleep I
just lay there in my bed staring up at
the ceiling with tears rolling down the
sides of my head soaking my pillow
through I kept thinking about little
Nika somewhere out there soaked hungry
and scared to death I look at the spot
on my bed where she always slept and
Gill consumed me how could I have given
up that incredible creature for a
soulless piece of metal when I think
about that night I know for sure that it
changed that carefree immature boy I
used to be forever I realized what
responsibility meant and had to admit
that I'd failed my first super important
life lesson when morning came there was
a knock at our front door in a minute my
mom called out my name when I came
rushing the first thing I saw was a
woman I didn't recognize with a dirty
shaking but alive Nika in her arms you
can't imagine how relieved and happy I
was she handed Nika to me and I burst
out in tears clutching my puppy close to
my chest apparently the woman had just
been on her morning jog in the park when
she heard something whimpering in the
bushes when she went to investigate she
discovered my Yorkie who seemed to have
fallen into a hole in the ground and got
stuck there unable to get back safely
Nika was crying for help our phone
number was engraved on Micah's nametag
so I guess the woman they called and mom
wanted to surprise me and gave her our
address but the thing that broke my
heart the most was that Nika was so
excited to see me she's licked my face
and wagged her tail as if nothing had
happened
this innocent little pup had no idea
that it was my fault she had spent the
whole night cold wet hungry and all
alone she still loved me
and was glad to see me I now know that
getting a dog isn't just about learning
responsibility you're also getting a
friend who will love you unconditionally
and deserves only the best so what was
your first pet and did it teach you any
valuable life lessons let me know down
in the comments if you learn something
new today think of this video will like
and share it with a friend but hey don't
go out buying yourself a puppy just yet
we have over 2,000 cool videos for you
to check out all you have to do is pick
the left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life
[Music]